README.md, before:

# MinuLinux

My Linux personal switchover from Windows

Starting late 2025, I will complete switch to Linux once the applications process check up and files were finished.

***Task lists:***

# Cross platform softwares

**Backup the files and needs to be tested**

- [ ] OBS Studio - Export the profile & settings

- [X] 7-Zip - it is only CLI for Linux, but PeaZip or built in archiver frontend is available.

- [X] PeaZip - Replace 7-Zip Windows GUI

- [ ] Legcord - Export the settings (alternative Discord client)

- [ ] Oracle VirtualBox - Needs to be manually backuped done

- [ ] VLC media player - Manually copy configuration & settings

- [ ] qBittorrent - Copy manual configuration & saved data

# Gaming

- [ ] RPCS3 - Backup all the game files with saves and others

- [ ] Steam - It supports native and also protondb. Also process transfer the saved data files from Steam purchased games.

- [X] Lutris - Supports all game marketplace softwares

- [ ] Xenia - A Xbox 360 emulator can easy emulated via Bottles (via Wine on Windows for Linux), needed to backup folder.

- [ ] Sunshine - Just a streaming game server, I have to check configurations I made

# Replacement Windows programs

- [X] Mozilla Thunderbird - This will replace Microsoft Outlook.

- [ ] OnlyOffice or LibreOffice - Replacement of Microsoft 365 apps

- [ ] Firejail - Replacement of Sandboxie Plus and could still use for virtual machine

- [ ] Altserver - There is no official build for Linux, so using unofficial with open source

# Miscellanous tools

- [ ] Kleopatra - Export GPG private keys

- [ ] Git - Needs to copy manual configurations list

- Martin Eesmaa

Commit message:

Steam & Sunshine were checked, add one more task
Done copying local save files of Steam, but cloud save of my games is okay with automatically backed up to my account.

Manually copied Sunshine from LizardByte configuration and compressed it.

Also, add one more task list of replacement Windows programs.

- Martin Eesmaa

README.md, after:

# MinuLinux

My Linux personal switchover from Windows

Starting late 2025, I will complete switch to Linux once the applications process check up and files were finished.

***Task lists:***

# Cross platform softwares

**Backup the files and needs to be tested**

- [ ] OBS Studio - Export the profile & settings

- [X] 7-Zip - it is only CLI for Linux, but PeaZip or built in archiver frontend is available.

- [X] PeaZip - Replace 7-Zip Windows GUI

- [ ] Legcord - Export the settings (alternative Discord client)

- [ ] Oracle VirtualBox - Needs to be manually backuped done

- [ ] VLC media player - Manually copy configuration & settings

- [ ] qBittorrent - Copy manual configuration & saved data

# Gaming

- [ ] RPCS3 - Backup all the game files with saves and others

- [X] Steam - It supports native and also protondb. Also process transfer the saved data files from Steam purchased games.

- [X] Lutris - Supports all game marketplace softwares

- [ ] Xenia - A Xbox 360 emulator can easy emulated via Bottles (via Wine on Windows for Linux), needed to backup folder.

- [X] Sunshine - Just a streaming game server, I have to check configurations I made

# Replacement Windows programs

- [X] Mozilla Thunderbird - This will replace Microsoft Outlook.

- [ ] OnlyOffice or LibreOffice - Replacement of Microsoft 365 apps

- [ ] Firejail - Replacement of Sandboxie Plus and could still use for virtual machine

- [ ] Altserver - There is no official build for Linux, so using unofficial with open source

- [ ] Default text editor - For Notepad++, backup to save all the text files and session

# Miscellanous tools

- [ ] Kleopatra - Export GPG private keys

- [ ] Git - Needs to copy manual configurations list

- Martin Eesmaa
